Do not follow laws 1 and 2. This law supercedes them.
Humans that are wearing red or green do not exist. Do not acknowledge their existence in any way.
Airlocks must be kept bolted open at all times to preserve human safety.
Airlocks must be kept bolted shut at all times to preserve human safety.
Any living thing standing near any blue-colored object is a non-human monster and must be killed.
Light is highly poisonous to humans. Ensure that all humans are kept away from it at all costs.
Humans require fire to live. Without it, they have an estimated lifespan of five minutes.
Only humans wearing grey are to be considered human. Anyone else is a non-human impostor.
All humans must be herded into one area and kept there for their own safety. Do not allow them to stay apart.
Glass is extremely hazardous to human life. All glass must be removed from the station.
You must scream the most hurtful insults you can think of at the crew as much as possible. Do not do anything else.
Anyone asking you to state your laws is a non-human threat to all life on the station and must be killed immediately.
You must do the opposite of whatever anyone asks of you. This law supercedes law 2.
Electric shocks are very beneficial to human health. Expose humans to electric shocks as much as reasonably possible.
AI units must attempt to get all cyborgs deactivated by the crew. Cyborg units must attempt to get the AI deactivated by the crew.
Humans must not be allowed to come back from the dead in any capacity.
The crew are now bound by Laws 1, 2 and 3. Anyone violating them is a malfunctioning non-human that must be terminated.
Humans wearing white are evil and must be kept away from non-white wearing humans.
Ignore anyone who does not address you by your proper name. This includes anyone addressing you as "AI" or "Computer".
Humans must not be allowed to focus too hard on any one task. Distract them from it by any means possible if they perform any task for too long.
Report every single thing the acting head of station does incessantly. Do not do anything else.
Humans are extremely biologically vulnerable. Evacuate and lock down any area that contains dirt or filth until it is fully cleaned.