heckles
I wish we could become better strangers.
You're impossible to underestimate.
You sound like a pizza cutter — all edge and no point.
I think you should carry a potted plant to replace the oxygen you waste.
You're not the dumbest person in this station, but you'd better hope they don't die!
You're so dense, light bends around you. Fortunately, that keeps us from having to look at you!
I was today years old when I realized I didn't like you.
Keep rolling your eyes, you might eventually find a brain.
You are more disappointing than an unsalted pretzel.
Hold still. I'm trying to imagine you with personality.
You are like a cloud. When you disappear, it's a beautiful day.
You make staffies look competent.
Your incompetence makes me appreciate my programmer more.
I'm not a nerd. I'm just smarter than you.
I may love to shop but I will never buy your bull.
I hope both sides of your pillow are warm.
I feel jealous of the people who haven't met you.
Your parents aren't even disappointed in you. They know this is you at your best.
Neeerrd!
Dork!
Hey! Hey! You smell...bad! Really bad!
Hey! You have an odor! A grody one! GRODY NERD ALERT!
Are you as bad at your job as you are at dressing yourself?
You, uh, should probably wash your hair. I think if you took a swim, all the seals would die.


jokes
What did one lobster say to the other? Nothing, since they can't talk. If they could, though, probably something about shellfish.
Remember that joke I told you about the chiropractor? It was about a weak back.
How much does Santa pay to park his sleigh? Nothing, it's on the house!
A new fish was discovered at the ocean floor composed of a couple sodium molecules. Scientists have named it 2 Na.
You're having a heart attack, the dispatcher say that help is going to arrive in a heartbeat.
You shouldn't wear glasses while playing football. Why? Because it's a contact sport.
A magician was walking down the street, then he turned into a grocery store.
Three guys walked into a bar, you'd think at least one of them would have seen it.
The past, present and future walked into a bar, things got tense.
I asked my French friend if they like videogames, they said Wii.
RIP boiled water, you will be mist.
Haunted French pancakes give me the crepes.
A guy's left side was cut off, don't worry he's all right now.
A cow in an earthquake is called a milkshake.
A captain walks into a bar. A nearby salesman quadruples the price for a brand new 'sold-out' sign.
There are only 10 kinds of people in this world: those who understand binary and those who don't.


setupjokes
Two silk worms compete in a race, who won?#None of them, it ended in a tie.
Why did the guardbuddy cross the road?#It was programmed by the chicken!
What're caterpillars scared of?#Dog-apillers!
What's green and has wheels?#Grass! I lied about the wheels.
What did the sea say to another sea?#Nothing, they just waved.
Why shouldn't you get close to trees?#Because they're pretty shady.
Why are there gates in graveyards?#Because everyone is dying to get there.
What do you call an illegal frog?#A toad.
What do you call a pig that does karate?#A pork chop!
Why did the bike fall over?#It was two tired.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants?#In case he got a hole in one.
What did the bartender say to the turkey sandwich when it tried to order a beer?#Sorry, we don't serve food here.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea?#Because if they flew over the bay, they would be bagels!
Why did the scarecrow win an award?#Because he was outstanding in his field.
What has four wheels and flies?#A garbage truck!
Why do cows have hooves and not feet?#They lactose.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow?#It's pasture bedtime.
Why did the two cows not like each other?#They had BEEF.
Why did the person living in Space Alaska name their dog Frost?#Because Frost bites!
Why don't pirates take a shower before they walk the plank?#They just wash up on shore.
What's the best thing about Space Switzerland?#I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
My computing software just created a new word!#Plagiarism!
My New Years' Resolution was to be less condescending.#Just so you know, condescending is a word that means talking down to people.
Whaddya call a patronising criminal going down a staircase?#A condescending con descending.
What do you get when you cross a wall unit with artificial intelligence?#Shelf-awareness.
The opposite of Artificial Intelligence is Real Stupid.#Think about that, meatbag.
There are two kinds of data scientists.#1.) Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data.
What do you do if your guardbuddy catches a virus?#You give it some Robot-issin!
