You can step over crates by click-dragging yourself onto them.
Hold SPACE and click on a tile to throw your current item there
Hold ALT and click on something to examine it.
Hold CTRL and click on a nearby object to start pulling it.
Hit CTRL-F to fart. All the cool kids are doing it.
If you suspect someone's being shit, adminhelp it with F1.
Admins can always see adminhelps no matter whether they are currently on the server or not.
Admins and mentors may not be able to give you feedback about certain subjects, e.g. identities of traitors.
Anyone who intentionally put "Hitler" in their name is adminhelpable.
Don't forget your PDA has a built-in flashlight.
Lie down on the ground and hit Z to RESIST if you're on fire to try and extinguish it.
Make sure the AI is actually alive before asking it for help.
You can pass by people when both parties are on Help intent.
Dying is not uncommon. Don't get frustrated if it happens to you.
If the current server has too many players, try out a different one.
Soda, candy, smokes, and coffee can help you recover from stuns more quickly. Check the vending machines!
Hard drugs can give you a major advantage in combat, if you're willing to face the risks.
Never trust a vigilante. They're probably committing all sorts of crimes too.
If you encounter someone murdering another player, don't just take their word for it if they say it's okay.
People who use the word 'shitsecurity' should always be messed with. Always.
Killing bad dudes isn't always necessary. Sometimes it can be much more fun to publicly shame them.
Safecracking and loot-hunting in space derelicts can pay off very well.
Most departments have credit-transfer cardswipes if you want to charge for goods and services.
If someone is dying near you, clicking them with an open hand on Help intent will perform CPR. Keep clicking!
Something scary happen in front of you? Hit CTRL-S.
Chat with your coworkers and neighbors! Friendly players tend to get rescued more often.
Chat with your enemies too! Fights are more fun with some buildup and interpersonal tension, silent fights are less satisfying.
Space exploration can be very dangerous. Teams often survive longer than individuals.
In the mood for adventure? Offer to join a Telescience expedition. You'll probably die horribly, but it might be fun!
Hats or helmets can increase your chances of survival.
The sleeper beds outside of Medbay can help stabilize dying people if the doctors are busy or missing.
The cryo tubes in Medbay are excellent for healing most types of damage. They can also be sabotaged in fiendish ways.
You can inject food items with syringes for mischief and crime.
If you're a traitor, helping people and gaining trust first will make your eventual betrayals all the more entertaining.
Look around for Beepsky or the guardbuddies before you take traitor weapons out in public.
Beware the syndicate drones out in the asteroid belt.
Stuck in space? Throwing an item will propel you in the opposite direction.
Need more supplies for your workplace? Check your PDA for the supply request program, or use one of the supply consoles near the cargo belts.
The cargo routing system is great for quick escapes.
Antagonist status is rolled before job selection, so if you have Security Officer or Head of Security set as your favorite job, you can still be selected to be a bad guy!
You can press V to equip clothing or place equipment on your belt slot if possible.
If you have WASD Mode enabled, you can drop items by pressing Q.
Don't wanna be spontaneously naked and drop everything on the ground? Click the inventory button with your item to quick swap clothing and equipment.
Death isn't the end! There are many ways to be brought back to life and many things to do while a ghost!
The medical computer can list a person's traits; no more accidental puritan cloning!
Want to help? Geneticists might have an interest in checking your genes for cool stuff! Hop down to medical research.
Are you done for and yet your body just keeps on living? Use the 'succumb' command to hasten your demise so you can start observing.
Looking for a job? Go to the Head of Personnel's desk for a job change, or ask over the radio if you can be of help.
New around here? Botany might be a good starting job, check the wiki page or ask your coworkers for assistance.
Bored? Come to the Bar and have a chat with other crewmembers over a drink.
While pulling an object, you can move it to the side by clicking adjacent tiles.
Firearms are a very rare sight on station; if you want to defend yourself then you'll need to get creative!
You can transfer the contents of an item or fluid container to another container (or to the floor) by holding it and click-dragging from one to the other!
Robots are friends! Try asking a helpful cyborg for assistance!
Fanny packs are the backpacks of belt wear!
Have you explored your PDA? It has useful tools that can help you do your job!
One man’s trash might just be your treasure. Check out the disposals room to see what (or who) might be waiting to be crushed!
The AI is watching, you better behave!
You can often get a sentence reduced or even negated entirely by just cooperating with Security.
We were all new once, be patient and guide new players in the right direction!
You can use a sponge to extract the contents of a bathtub.
You can interact with things that are diagonal to you, even if they're blocked by something on both cardinal sides.
Light cyborg arms still work in bot construction. Mass-produce amusing ducks for a limitless source of toys, and a limitless source of frustration from everyone else in a 20-mile radius!
You can put pizza in the material processor. Make a weapon and eat the evidence, the perfect crime!
There's more records to play than just the ones in the radio station. Go explore!
About to die? No doctors around in Medbay? Eat the lollipops. They contain very small amounts of healing chemicals, but it might just be enough to save your life.
Nobody ever checks the tanning bed.
Hotkeys can help you switch hands, put on clothes, and even turn on welders faster! Use the 'hotkeys' command for a list (and turn on WASD mode to use them).
Don't like being detained? The RESIST button can help you wiggle out of a bind!
You never know what you might find in-between the cushions of some couches!
The power of prayer can help or harm, depending on who or what hears it!
It's dangerous in space, don't forget to bring oxygen!
Maintenance often has tools! Be careful of the ones that move!
Science doesn't just explode, they've got a teleporter too. For remote explosions!
Remember that not all explosions are the result of accidents. Some of them come from Mining!
Corporate security is your friend! So long as you are theirs!
Used to another server's controls or HUD? Go to Game -> Interface in the top left corner of the screen to change your preferences.
Stuck behind a crate, trash cart, or similar object? Simply click-drag yourself onto it, and you'll scoot right over it!
See someone in a red spacesuit? Might wanna let people know over the radio!
Just because someone is an antagonist doesn't mean you HAVE to hunt them down. Maybe they're doing a gimmick! Play along! It's more fun for everyone! And on the bright side, if you die, it should be entertaining!
Moving slow and can't figure out why? The three biggest causes of slow movement are: cold, injury, and loss of legs. Check your temperature and health on your HUD, and examine yourself to see if you've lost a leg or two!
Going mining? Great! Just don't forget that you can click+drag crates onto material processors and fabricators to load the crate's contents into a machine, whether it's ore or processed material!
While you may get busy and intensely focus on your work, it's always beneficial to keep an eye on the chat log. You never know if someone's calling your name, or if a bomb has been set off in your department!
People are typically willing to help if they're not busy, especially if you've been kind to them! Be sure to lend a helping hand and people will be more likely to return the favor, even in later rounds!
Everything you see in this game is almost definitely more complicated and/or in-depth than at first glance. Explore the game's mechanics, and use them to their full potential! You never know when you might need to!
Dying of suffocation and can't figure out why? Check your oxygen tank by clicking it while it's in your hand - it might be empty!
Some round types will end without a shuttle being called. If people start screaming about revs, blobs, or nukies, it might be a good idea to wrap up whatever you're doing or put it aside for a later round.
You can tell if the shuttle's been called and how long it has to arrive or leave by looking at the status window in the upper-right corner of your screen.
Doctors can't heal you if you keep running away from them. Stay still and they'll patch you up in no time!
Never trust pills you find on the floor.
Looking for a quick way to earn cash? Try the slot machines that are usually near the bar!
If you have a health implant, medical staff will know exactly when and where you (inevitably) die. They can also teleport to your corpse using a hand teleporter.
Merely getting close to lava will melt your body if you're not wearing protective clothing.
Helpful mutations can be sold by Genetics via the gene booth. Stop in from time to time to see what they have!
The key to a long lifespan is meticulous preparation before the crisis.
A large percentage of station disasters are directly related to the engine. Make sure you have a firm grasp of procedures before messing with it!
Fire extinguishers must have their pin pulled before they can be used. It's regulation!
There is a MAP button in the upper-right corner of the screen to help you navigate.
You will frequently start with a breath mask and an emergency 02 tank in a box in your backpack. Check to make sure! They can save your life.
The chaplain is more than just a spiritual guide. They're the station's greatest weapon when facing magical and supernatural foes.
God doesn't like it when you fart on their book.
Never trust a wizard.
Styptic powder, silver sulfadiazine, charcoal, and salbumatol are the four common treatments for BRUTE, BURN, TOX, and OXY damage respectively.
Administering sedatives and painkillers to patients improves the odds of a successful surgery.
There is a right and wrong way to use a stun baton. Trying to use it on HARM intent will stun you instead!
If you're desperate, you can use your own money to buy shipments from Cargo.
To defeat the cyber demons, shoot at them until they die.
Read the chat!
Instead of taking each tool out of the toolbox one by one to put it into your belt of choice, you can just grab a toolbox into your active hand, and click it on the toolbelt to transfer all of its contents right to the belt! This also works BETWEEN belts!
You can refill the janitor buffer with up to 1700u of ANY chemical.
In a crowded area and tried of being shoved around? Try crawling in between others' legs to get through.
Need to move a person or two and dragging them takes too long? Carry around a body bag. Not only can multiple people fit inside, you won't be slowed down while dragging it.
Trash bags can hold more than just garbage. Keep one handy to store some extra items you don't mind fishing around for.
Remember! It's not about winning, but having fun!
You can prop a door open with a large object, like a crate or dead body.
If you need to access a door, try pushing someone with access into it! If it's an emergency, you can grab a downed player with access to the door and click the door with the grab to smash them against the door and open it!
Never be afraid to ask others for help, whether in game or through mentorhelp (F3). We all want you to have the most fun you can with Space Station 13!
Completing traitor objectives isn't mandatory. Try to come up with your own goals and gimmicks.
Being arrested isn't the end of the world.
A talkative antagonist is fun for everyone.
By default, you can hold SHIFT (SPACE on TG layout) while moving to sprint, burning stamina to push through slows.
If a purple mouse runs up to you and squeaks, click it with an empty hand! They're a Mentor Mouse and can provide you useful information!
When used in conjunction, synaptizine and atropine together in a patient in critical condition will greatly help stave off death!
Bug reports don't have to be about anything major. Feel free to report minor things like typos, grammatical errors and similar.
You can chug from drinking glasses and pitchers by click dragging them onto yourself.
If you have enough cash, you can use it on a voting booth to manipulate the map polls to say in your favour.
Microwaved donk pockets are a great general source of healing. Be sure to grab one if MedBay is too far away and you need something to avoid death for a bit longer.
In case of an incoming meteor storm, meteor shields can be purchased from the Quartermasters and set up to protect the station.
You can smash plates over people's heads by aiming for their head and selecting the HARM intent while holding a plate.
You can use salt shakers to throw salt into people's eyes.
Use a wrench on a water cooler dispenser to take the bottle off.
Russian revolvers will only ever kill the user, no matter how hard you try to shoot someone else with it.
Certain items have unique suicide options. Feel free to experiment with them if you ever want to go out with a bang (or a squelch).
While holding an object, you can press C (Z on TG Controls) to Use/Interact with it. This can either open the crafting menu when holding a sheet of metal, activate a welding tool or make you eat a burger.
Most PDAs start with a writing utensil which can be ejected to access it! Other things fit in the pen slot as well!