		Howdy, partner!  Welcome to the wild world of mining!  Now, before you get started, there's a few things greenhorns like you are gonna have to learn.  Wouldn't want you driftin' out there like some space tumbleweed!

		<h3>EQUIPMENT</h3>
		The most important part of the job!  A miner's equipment lets you safely brave outer space and collect sweet, sweet ores and gems.  You have a full set ready for you in your locker, and on the racks nearby.  Slap all of that stuff on ya, and you're ready to go!  Just be sure to turn your oxygen on.  Here's a few more pointers:

		Holding an ore scoop with a satchel placed inside will pick up anything valuable you mine as you walk over it!

		Different mining equipment will be more or less effective on different densities of rock.  Try em all!

		Those concussive mines will get slapped onto any mineable surface you bump into, so get the heck outta the way!

		Your geological scanner will help you find those sweet sweet gems as well as point out any dangers, hinderances, or anomalies in the rock!

		That big honkin circular-ish device is the mining magnet!  Use the purple-screened computer nearby to summon asteroids to mine.  It can also scan the rock for you!  Yahoo!

		There's a long range telescopey thingy for finding asteroids with mostly one type of ore, and weird shit!  It works via triangulatin' a signal based on points you click on the computer.

		<h3>COWORKERS</h3>
		Mining can be a huge help to other departments, so let's get to know 'em!

		Your boss, the Chief Engineer, keeps the station running!  Listen to them if they have any orders, but generally they'll be more concerned with the engine.

		The Quartermasters will LOVE you if you send them those juicy ores and gems, and you'll help boost the station budget so y'all can afford some fancy hats!  Yeehaw!

		Robotics can also use ores and gems, and sending some over is appreciated! You can do this by sendin' them in a crate usin' a cargo transporter and settin' the destination to the Robotics or Cargo pads.

		You can also sell ore to anyone on the station by placin' your satchel on that big round orange thing somewhere near the magnet or in the minin' room. That's the RockBox! It saves all ores you collect and can dispense 'em to the different fabricators throughout the station. To sell ores from the RockBox, jus' open up the interface on it and set the ores to 'For sale' by clickin' next to them in the listin'. You can set your own prices too!

		<h3>DANGERS</h3>
		Life isn't all fun and games on the mining frontier!  Here's some stuff to watch out for:

		WEAR YOUR DANG SPACE SUIT AND PUT YOUR OXYGEN ON YOU WILL DIE OUT THERE IF YA DON'T YA DURN FOOL!  Also, your oxygen can run out!  If you see a little red O2 icon pop up and you start gaspin', get inside and take that jetpack off, it's done!  Stick it on an air or oxygen canister, pump up the pressure, and flick the switch, should fill 'er up!

		Some ore is RADIOACTIVE!  This means a lot of hard-to-heal damage over time. If you stop feelin' well and see you're injured by lookin' at the top right,  STOP what you are doing ASAP and get to a doc, pronto!

		EXPLOSIONS!  Your friend and enemy!  Some ore is pretty naturally volatile, and will go BOOM unless handled carefully!  There's also sometimes pockets of gas that will glow briefly before detonating, if you see a glow, it's time ta go!  Keep an eye out for areas marked with a red '!' when you scan that sucker.

		<h3>EVERYTHING ELSE</h3>
		If'n none of this answered yer questions, check out the wiki!  https://wiki.ss13.co/Guide_to_Mining
		That should be all ya need to learn yerself to have more fun minin' than a baby bee in a butter bucket!  Now get out there and get that ore!   YEEEHAW!

		-'Prospector' Peter Sans-Culottes
